docs: clarify CONFIG_FIB_RULES dependencies for custom kernels (#40168)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/operations/system_requirements.rst

        CONFIG_GENEVE=y
        CONFIG_FIB_RULES=y

⚠️ Note on CONFIG_FIB_RULES Activation

On some embedded or custom Linux systems—especially when cross-compiling for 
ARM—enabling ``CONFIG_FIB_RULES=y`` directly in the kernel ``.config`` may not be sufficient, 
as it depends on other routing-related kernel options to be enabled.

> If ``CONFIG_FIB_RULES`` is missing from the final compiled kernel (e.g., not visible via cat /boot/config-*), 

Reviewer: If not escaped, the asterisk is interpreted as a marker for emphasis (slanted text).

```suggestion
If ``CONFIG_FIB_RULES`` is missing from the final compiled kernel (e.g., not visible via cat /boot/config-\*), 
```

make sure the following options are also enabled:

::

	CONFIG_IP_ADVANCED_ROUTER=y
	CONFIG_IP_FIB_TRIE_STATS=y
	CONFIG_IP_MULTIPLE_TABLES=y
	CONFIG_IP_ROUTE_CLASSID=y

These options ensure that ``CONFIG_FIB_RULES`` becomes available and correctly set during kernel configuration.
This has been validated on ARM embedded systems with a custom Linux OS, where Cilium failed to operate properly 

> until these dependencies were included.

Reviewer: I'd skip the last sentence, it probably doesn't bring much information to the reader.

        CONFIG_GENEVE=y
        CONFIG_FIB_RULES=y

.. note::

   On some embedded or custom Linux systems, especially when cross-compiling for
   ARM, enabling ``CONFIG_FIB_RULES=y`` directly in the kernel ``.config`` may not be sufficient,

>    as it depends on other routing-related kernel options to be enabled.

Reviewer 2: Isn't it easier to just run `scripts/config --enable CONFIG_FIB_RULES`, that should also enable all the dependencies? Could you check if this works, and if yes, we don't need the list of the dependencies below, and the whole note can be shortened significantly.

Author: Yes you're right I am pushing a new version :+1:

        CONFIG_GENEVE=y
        CONFIG_FIB_RULES=y

.. note::

   On some embedded or custom Linux systems—especially when cross-compiling for
   ARM—enabling ``CONFIG_FIB_RULES=y`` directly in the kernel ``.config`` may not be sufficient,
   as it depends on other routing-related kernel options to be enabled.

   If ``CONFIG_FIB_RULES`` is missing from the final compiled kernel (e.g., not visible via

>    ``cat /boot/config-\*``), it’s often faster to check the ``.config`` file after running

Reviewer: Can we please stick to ANSI characters where possible? It's more consistent and makes it easier to grep or process the text. I think double dashes in paragraphs should provide em-dashes, although here I'd just use commas.

```suggestion
   On some embedded or custom Linux systems, especially when cross-compiling for
   ARM, enabling ``CONFIG_FIB_RULES=y`` directly in the kernel ``.config`` may not be sufficient,
   as it depends on other routing-related kernel options to be enabled.

   If ``CONFIG_FIB_RULES`` is missing from the final compiled kernel (e.g., not visible via
   ``cat /boot/config-\*``), it's often faster to check the ``.config`` file after running
```

   ``make config`` (or equivalent), to ensure the necessary options are set before compiling the kernel.

   Make sure the following options are also enabled:

   ::

       CONFIG_IP_ADVANCED_ROUTER=y
       CONFIG_IP_FIB_TRIE_STATS=y
       CONFIG_IP_MULTIPLE_TABLES=y
       CONFIG_IP_ROUTE_CLASSID=y

   These options ensure that ``CONFIG_FIB_RULES`` becomes available and correctly set during
   kernel configuration.

   This can usually be verified directly in the updated .config file after running make config,

>    before compiling the kernel, which can help avoid a second compilation if options are missing.

Reviewer: I'd remove this part.
